{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Optima-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl288\slmult1\sb160\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 A good app increases sales and/or decreases time spent elsewhere.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs20 \cf0 [The following should have the same intentions as Zen of Python, by Tim Peters]\
Obviously useful\
  After clicking on the install link, the next screen the user must show the user why your application will boost sales. \
    Easy to install \
      Automate everything possible, setting up Webhooks programmatically if you need to catch new order notifications \
      If there are any steps at all, make it obvious what they need to do. \
      Short steps \
      Screenshots \
      Easy to onboard \
      No signup screens should exist \
        The user should be automatically created an account and their essential details filled in. See http://api.shopify.com/shop.html for what you can glean from their Shopify account. \
        If there are missing essential details that you can\'92t already get from their Shopify account, present a screen on install showing just these missing details. \
    After install \
      pre-populate whatever you can with real data so the user has an idea of how it works and doesn't have to work from a blank canvas \
      Each screen should has obvious affordances. Ambiguous links and tabs are bad. Nothing should appear on a screen that is not absolutely essential. \
    No showstopping bugs.}